---Friday, March 20---
g4rekt - Committed initial base files for front end to startup.


---Monday, March 23---g4rekt - Added Billing and Billing Manager to package in Phase III and serialized them.
---Tuesday, March 24---g4rekt - Planning to implement Personal and Personal Manager classes in the frontend--Finished.
c4kobaya - created

—Thursday, March 26 — 
c4vilela — Started a method on Main Activity to authenticate if the user logging is an admin or a client. Plans to finish it by Friday. 
c3hanzif - created usersignup.xml
c4kobaya - Created a new activity display flight and display itinerary which displays the flights in a list view after the search activity is called. 


---Wed, March 25---g4rekt - Finished Phaseiiia, Trail consists of two activities, 1 takes in user personal info, does not differentiate between admin and client, and displays the taken info in another display activity.
c3hanzif - created usersignup.java fpr user to sign up/
c4kobaya - Created the search Activity which searches flights based on the user information and then uses the backend flight manager to find the fligts

—Friday, March 27—
c4kobaya - created the display billing activity and the xml file that displays the clients information. It also contains a save file which overrides the pervious user information to the current user information. 

—Saturday, March 28—
c4kobaya - created the display booked activity and the xml file. This activity displays the clients booked flights on a list view. Another list view is also used to display the transfer flights. but at the moment displaying of the transfer flights doesn’t not work. 


—Sunday, March 29—
c4kobaya - fixed all the errors that occurs in the display flights and itinerary activities. 

--Monday, March 30--
c4vilela - did part of the backend of UserAuthenticat at MainAcivity.java
Made alterations UserSignUp.java, so it could write and read from the internal storage

--Tuesday, March 31--
g4rekt - finished write part for userSignup
g4rekt - planning to finish read part for admin, client, and user sign in
c3hanzif - doing javadoc for all .java
c4vilela - did cdc.pdf 
c4kobaya - fixed sorting by cost and travel time 
